welcome to tekzilla bites feeding your
tech hunger fast I'm Patrick Norton and
more often than not on text a little
we're looking for audio bargains we
found quite a few of them that sound
amazing once in a while vow somebody
gives us something a little more
high-end and if you're looking for a
better audio experience from an apple
certified airplay or just a UPnP
streamer with a serious audiophile grade
AK inside and you're into the home
automation thing you need to take a look
at this my rose air so my ro air is
built around a Wolfson WM 87 41 DAC
that's digital to analog converter the
thing that turns the bits that your
computer music comes on or your cell
phone music comes on into the beautiful
sound you want to hear and it's built
burly well it's individually hand
assembled in the US with walnut side
panels steel and hence truck nameplate
hey look I love the fact that that came
at its own special cotton sack along
with a burly three foot RCA cable from
monoprice Newton that cable and a solid
wall wart style power supply setting it
up was easy and while I wish the cable
and the power supply was longer it's
pretty much as simple as it gets
plug it into your home router or switch
plug it into the wall and wait for the
twee' red light on the front to start
pulsing light that means you're
connected to the network and good to go
you want Wi-Fi this isn't your box but
if most of our testing of the Myro air
using airplay with a decibel audio
player iTunes works too or you can plug
your iPhone into it or you can stream to
it from a UPnP player listen to a lot of
flack and a lakh files though it also
supports WMA a CD SD eighth LPCM
mp3 and possibly more decimal if you
haven't seen it is an audiophile
oriented app for iOS 10 that lets you
hog that means take exclusive control of
the audio device you're chosen because
you don't need to hear a system in the
middle of a yo-yo ma raging on a bach
cantata though you can use it for your
system primary audio and hear the boom
in total digital clarity if you want to
iTunes works finds tube just select the
my row air you can custom name it if you
want to by loading its IP address and no
browser and airplane does its thing I
prefer using decimals as I know the raw
audio is being sent to the DAC so that
Wilson dad can do its magic on the
original file and not have some Smerch
thing out of iTunes I did a lot of
stereo listening with my paradigm
bookshelf speakers in our studio but the
serious listening was on high-end
headphones with a headroom amp powering
Bauer's Vulcans p7v motocross Fadem 100
spotted MST t7 70s and our beloved $25
motto
eighty-three 23's imaging the wolfson
deck is about imaging and detail it was
really really sweet had a nice high-end
symbol sounded like symbols not like
cooking bacon it was well actually I
gotta say when I went from the
headphones to the speakers I was kind of
blown away because I had that big full
sense of the band being in the room and
that was nice and since the Myro air
offers direct USB connection I happily
plugged my iPhone into it and guess what
the music still sounded good you know
what else sounds good spoken word
entertainment from our sponsor audible
podcast.com slash tekzilla let me assure
you your free audio book will sound
outstanding over the Myro air or just
about anything else you want to listen
to it on audio is only part of the Myro
air my row is a home automation company
at its heart so the air includes and I
quote my roll Inc in rs-232 ports and
with my arrow airs simple protocol it
could be controlled by crest on RTI
control floor Russ sound Arnett's or any
other control system that can interface
via rs-232 along with two-way metadata
and transport control for home
integrators look I'll probably never be
able to afford professionally installed
home automation but be assured your
installer can get this thing up and
running with just about any platform you
might choose if you're used to $99 for
an Apple TV or the free audio jack that
came on the side of your tablet the Myro
airs price probably as you're going
that's ridiculous hey listen to the gear
if you like how it sounds go for it
you got five grand in your stereo and
you want a better audio source my real
air is worth a listen
especially if home automation is a
serious part of your life hey if five
hundred ninety nine dollars for audio
gear makes your heart snap check out our
review of audioquest dragonfly which
plugs into USB port sounds amazing and
costs as little as a hundred bucks and
if you're into making cool stuff please
check out our other show die tryin